---
layout: paper
title: Accessing Replicated Data in a Large-Scale Distributed System
permalink: /papers/ICJS-Golding-1991/
date: 2003-07-01
excerpt: >
  Replicating a data object improves the availability of the data, and can improve
  access latency by locating copies of the object near to their use. When
  accessing replicated objects across an internetwork, the time to access
  different replicas is non-uniform.
---

# Abstract

Replicating a data object improves the availability of the data, and can improve
access latency by locating copies of the object near to their use. When
accessing replicated objects across an internetwork, the time to access
different replicas is non-uniform. Further, the probability that a particular
replica is inaccessible is much higher in an internetwork than in a local-area
network (LAN) because of partitions and the many intermediate hosts and networks
that can fail. We report three replica-accessing algorithms which can be tuned
to minimize either access latency or the number of messages sent. These
algorithms assume only an unreliable datagram mechanism for communicating with
replicas. Our work extends previous investigations into the performance of
replication algorithms by assuming unreliable communication.

We have investigated the performance of these algorithms by measuring the
communication behavior of the Internet, and by building discrete-event
simulations based on our measurements. We find that almost all message failures
are either transient or due to long-term host failure, so that retrying messages
a few times adds only a small amount to the overall message traffic while
improving both access latency as long as the probability of message failure is
small. Moreover, the algorithms which retry messages on failure provide
significantly improved availability over those which do not.

# BibTeX

```latex
@article{IJCS-Golding-1991,
  author       = {Richard Golding and Darrell D. E. Long},
  title        = {Accessing Replicated Data in {a} Large-Scale Distributed System},
  journal      = {International Journal in Computer Simulation},
  volume       = {},
  month        = jul,
  year         = {2003},
}
```
