---
layout: publication
title: Darrell Long | Block-Level Consistency of Replicated Files
header: Block-Level Consistency of Replicated Files
permalink: /publications/ICDCS-1987-Long/
authors: John L. Carroll,  Darrell D. E. Long, Jehan-François Pâris
date: 1987-09-01
file: https://www.ssrc.ucsc.edu/media/pubs/eef1b5ca2c33985a8c442456bd91d34b251416de.pdf
excerpt: >
  We investigate the construction of a <i>reliable device</i>. Such a device appears to the file system as an ordinary
block-structured device, but is implemented as a set of server
processes on several sites.
---

# Abstract

We investigate the construction of a <i>reliable device</i>.
Such a device appears to the file system as an ordinary
block-structured device, but is implemented as a set of server
processes on several sites. This allows for replication while leaving
the operating system kernel and the file system unchanged.

The regular structure of the block-level replication environment allows
the use of consistency control algorithms that are simpler and less
network intensive. We present three algorithms for maintaining file
consistency in a block-level replication environment. The first is a
<i>majority consensus voting</i>
algorithm that recovers blocks only when required for data access; the
second is a variant of the
<i>available copy</i>
scheme modified for replication at the block level; the third is a
naive version of the available copy scheme that does not maintain any
failure information.

Each scheme is evaluated in terms of availability and network traffic.
While block-level replication is shown to allow improvements in the
network traffic burden incurred by voting, available copy schemes are
shown to have better availability and require significantly less
traffic than voting schemes. The naive available copy variant proposed
here is shown to be the algorithm of choice. 

# BibTeX

```latex
@inproceedings{ICDCS-Carroll-1987,
  author       = {John L. Carroll and Darrell D. E. Long and Jehan-François Pâris},
  title        = {Block-Level Consistency of Replicated Files},
  booktitle    = {Proceedings of the International Conference on Distributed Computing Systems},
  month        = sep,
  year         = {1987}
}
```
